How many times has Italy won the world cup?

	Italy is one of the most successful national teams in the history of the world cup. having won four titles, just one fewer than Brazil.

Where were the last Olympic Games?
	
	The Olympic Games is one the most important competition in the history of the world. The last Olympic Games were in Brazil.

Why are you always late?

	I should go to bed early, but I don't know to do it.
	I go to bed late. It's the reason why I'm always late.

Does Pâmela like rainy weather?
No, she doesn't.
She likes fall weather.

	Yesterday was rainy weather, and we were at home.

When was the last world cup?
	
	The world cup is one of the most important competitions in the world. The last world cup was in Brazil, and the team Brazil lost German.

I'm want to be somebody, so I need to speak English this year.

	I need to speak English because in my career English is necessary for found new jobs.

When we were there?
	
	We were there yesterday.

Is he used to teaching kids?
	
	Yes, he used to teach kids at church. He used to teach histories of the bible.

Did you use to do it?

	I'm used to do my tasks, but I didn't do do things of the other people.

Don't take your coat off.

	Today, the weather is snowing.

He intends to join in the marines

	Yes, really? I intend to join the army.

Did they already clean the car?
	
	Yes, they already cleaned the car.	

Are they thinkin of coming to China?

	Yes, they are thinking of coming to China to work.

He is not supposed to go alone.

	Yes, it's true. He is supposed to go with his sister.

When will you join the team?
	
	I don't know the date, but I'll join the team next month.

This is a dead on street.

	It's a dead-on street because this street is one way.

What's sports did you use to play when you were a teenager?

	I used to play soccer when I was a teenager.

How was your trip?

	My trip was good because I have a lot of money today.

When driving, always observe the speed limit.

	It's very important because when we are observing the speed limit, we are paying attention to cars and people on the street or avenue.

Does he have a girlfriend?

	Yes, He has a girlfriend.

She wasn't well.

	She was very sick yesterday.

We didn't use to go to summer camp.

	This first reason. I don't like summer camp.

You're supposed to send package back.

	Yesterday, My family sent a package back.

They're used to only speaking English.

	Yes, they are. They're used to only speaking English, but they are learning how to speak Portuguese too.

Wasn't he home?

	Yes, he wasn't. He wasn't he home yesterday.

I bet she is not coming today. 

	I bet she is not coming today, because my fiancé is very busy.

He likes to please his guests.

	He likes to please his please his guests, because his guests are funny people.

He didn't sing in the choir.

	My brother argued at church, and he didn't sing in the choir that year.

I wasn't doing it.

	I'm here! I wasn't doing it, mom.

She's supposed to go through customs.

	The customs is one place where we go to validate our passport.

You are so pretty to me. 

	Pâmela, are so beautiful and wonderful for me.

He has a valid passport.

	When I go to German, I had to valid my passport. So, I had a valid passport.

When he was here?

	The bible said that Jesus was here when we were lost.

What course are you taking?

	I'm taking the Java course in Udemy.

Wasn't it your manager who called you?

	Yes, he was. He called me to talk, that I'm the manager of the project now.

How are you feeling?

	I'm feeling very well this morning.

I choose not to talk about it anymore.

	This situation is complicated for me, and I choose not thinking about it anymore forever.

She's sixteen. Straight up?

	Yes, my son grew up quickly.

When will your license expire?

	My license expires next month, unfortunately.

When are you going to travel?

	I'm going to travel next holiday. I go to Miami beach.

When was the last time he cleaned his house?

	I don't know, because Fabio pays for Mari to cleaned his house every week for about ten years.

Have you ever lost your keys. 

	Yes. I've lost my keys in the girlfriend's house.

He's thirty years old

	He is a man today, he needs marriage very fast.

You're a really attractive woman. Straight up!

	Yes, you are a beautiful girl and very attractive.

We need to hurry.

	We need to hurry for church.

It wasn't she who bought it.

	Yes, she was. She was that who bought it for me yesterday.

Does he like sunny weather?

	No, he doesn't like sunny weather. 

We stand againg at a historic crossroads

	This crossroads is very important for the history of England.

When will the next world cup?

	I don't know. I think the next world cup will be in Qatar next year.

He intends to live in another country.

	Yes, he intends to live in another country with his wife next year.

She used to work as a hostess here.

	Yes, she works as a hostess for about ten years.

They were pleased with it.

	Yes, they were. They get a new toy, and they were happy.

Can I put it here?

	Yes, you can. You can put it here and get the new cup.

Was it your brother who got a scholarship abroad?

	Yes, was he. It was my brother who got a scholarship abroad in Canadá.

What the most important thing that happened in the world was in the past decade?

	The most important thing that happened was President Trump and Correia's president together.

She used to be a naughty child.

	It's true. She used to be a naughty child at school and with her grandfather and grandmother.

Did you access the internet today? Yes, I did. I access the internet through my machine and the internet it's okay.

	Great. Good sounds, because I need to find my Curriculum Vitae on the Internet.

He died after along illness.

	Bad sounds. I give him a new cell phone before he died.

It didn't work as well as we expected.

	Really? I will find the new car for you.

When will the next Olympic Games be?
	
	The next Olympic Games be in next year.

Do you sometimes get angry when things are not done quickly?

	Yes, I get angry when things are done quickly, because I'm very anxious.

Were you going to buy a one-way ticket?

	Yes, I was. I was going to buy a one-way ticket to THE USA.

When was the last time he cleaned his bedroom?

	The last time he cleaned his bedroom was in the past year if I remembered correctly.

I'm not going to the party tomorrow.

	My father is very sick today, and I'm with him.

I can manage to meet you in an hour.

	Yes, greats sounds. We should meet in the meeting room.

He used to work as a bartender.

	This is a great job. I was working as a bartender last year in the restaurant.

It was Jane who pass by us.
	
	Yes, was she. She was very angry.

Where was he yesterday?

	I don't know. I thinking he was working in the office.

I started learning English in 2009.

	Where did you start learning English? What was the name of your school?

Is it going to snow tomorrow?

	Yes, is it.

It wasn't good. 

	Yes, it was. It wasn't good because we need to call more people to the party.

I'm supposed to finish by nine.

	I would like to finish the class at this time because my students need to take the bus at about 9 PM.

What is the largest planet in the solar system.

	The largest planet in the solar system, I think so is Saturn.

Are you going to join us for dinner?

	Yes, I'm. I'm going to join you for dinner. I would like to eat pasta.

His ID matched ours. 

	Yes, it matched. This ID matched ours because he borns where us born.

How old is she?

	She's thirteen years old and I'm twenty-seven years old.

Can you give a ride home?

	Yes, I can. I can give you a ride home because your home is on way to my house.

It's easy or difficult to get a college scholarship in this country.

	I think getting a college scholarship depends on the student. Good and Intelligent students get college scholarships easily.

Do you believe in God?

	Yes, I believe in God. God has all control in your hands.

Who wrotes the twilight saga?

	I don't know who wrotes the twilight saga.

She started learning English in 2009.

	Yes, good sounds. I started learning English in 2019 because I didn't have money in the past.

Where is the last World Cup?

	The last World Cup was in Brazil. I remembered that Brazil loses to Germany.

Wasn't she supposed to be here?
		
	Yes, she was. She was supposed to be here because she loves our tasks.[

Will you meet us this evening?

	Yes, I meet you this evening to think about another job.

Where is the boarding gate?

	The boarding gate is ahead of the snack bar.

We're used to living here.

	I'm living here for about ten years.

They went to China in 2006

	I went to USA in 2023.

She is not used the cold weather.

	Yes, she's not.  She's used to sunny weather.

Do you intend to study overseas?

	Yes, I intend to study overseas. My dream is to study in another country.

Why don't you come over and we'll discuss it?

	Yes, I'll talk with you today.

They were going to the city because they were loking for work.

	Great! I was looking for work in the same city last month.

My parents gave total freedom to do whatever I liked.

	Great sounds! My parents gave me total freedom too. I studied computer engineering and I love my occupation.

She was interested in buying a new printer.

	I was interested in buying a new computer and a new appartment with my girlfriend.

We are supposed to inspect it.
	
	The deal said that we are obliged to inspect it every month.

We can't pretend it's okay.

	Yes, but we can pretend now.

They are supposed to give us a ride.
	
	Yes, they are. After my wedding, they are supposed to give us a ride in their Mercedes car.

A motorcycle helmet.

	The motorcycle helmet saves a lot of people.

She is used to managing a business.

	Yes, she is used to managing a business until she was a teenager.


Where is the ticket that I gave you.

	I don't know where is the ticket that you gave me yesterday.

When was he born?

	I don't know when he was born. I think that he was born in Diadema city in 1994.

He was going to server in the marines.

	Yes, he was. He was going to server in the marines because he doesn't like the army.


What size do you wear?

	I don't know what size I wear, because my mother buys my clothes.

They all joined the army.

	I didn't like joining the army, because I don't like war.

Would you like to order the appetizers?

	Yes, I would like to order the appetizers now.

Is that the car that you bought?

	Yes, This car I bought last year.

How much is minimum wage nowadays?

	I don't know what is the minimum wage nowadays.

This shirt doesn't fit me anymore.

	I'm fat today.

What bands or singers did you listen to when you were a child?

	My favorite band is Nirvana.

Do you considered yourself a disciplined person?

	Yes, I'm a disciplined person. I'm studying English every morning.

Don't ride a bike without a helmet.

	Yes, I will ride a bike with a helmet.









































