Primeiro de tudo instalar o java 1.6_41 
Depois disso tentar instalar o coldfusion, com compatibilidade para o Windows 7 e rodando como ADM
Vai dar erro, 
ir até a pasta %temp%  e procurar pela pasta que comece com l15042.. algo assim

Abrir essa pasta 
vai ter um executavel do coldfusion
nas propiedades desse executavel é só colocar que vai rodar com compatibilidade para Windows 7 e vai rodar com ADM.
Depois ir até a past Arquivos de programa -> Java e copiar a pasta jre6 para dentro da pasta resourse da pasta %temp%, excluir a pasta jre que lá está.
Instalar o programa.
Na hora do server NÃO ESQUECER DE COLOCAR para build self hosting.
Pronto, está instalado.

Para configurar o Debugger primeiro é preciso configura o RDS apontando para o localhost, porta 8500 e com login e senha de adm 
Após isso precisamos dizer que o projeto está apontando para aquele service e dizer que o server é Jrun


Open up a web browser and go to: http://www.adobe.com/go/trycoldfusion/

Sign in with your Adobe ID. If you do not have an Adobe account, click on the "Create an Adobe account" button on the left.

Select the appropriate version of ColdFusion you wish to download. If you have a 64 bit system select 'English | Windows 64 bit', else select 'English | Windows'.

Click "Download".

Save the file to your desktop.

Once downloaded, double click the file.

Click "Next".

Accept the terms and click "Next".

When you see the screen below, select "Developer Edition" and click "Next".

Select Server configuration and click "Next".

Leave all checkboxes selected and click "Next".

Leave the "Enable Secure Profile" checkbox unchecked and click "Next".

Provide a password and click "Next". Make sure you remember the password!

Leave the location at C:\ColdFusion10\ and click "Next". If you want to install in a different location you can, but it is important to note that the install instructions will always reference C:\ColdFusion10.

Select 'Built-in web server (Development use only)' and click "Next".

Provide a password and click "Next". Make sure you remember the password; you will need this later on in the install process.

Select 'Enable RDS', provide a password and click "Next". Make sure you remember the password!

Leave the 'Automatically check for server updates' selected and click "Next".

Click "Install".

If you receive any Windows firewall messages, click 'Allow'.

When the installation wizard is done, keep the 'Launch the Configuration Wizard in the default browser' selected and click "Done".

A browser window will open. Enter your ColdFusion Administrator Password and click "Login". (This is the password from step 16)

Once you receive the 'Setup Complete' screen, click the "OK" button.

You will now see the ColdFusion Administrator screen. To access this screen at a later date, you can go to: http://localhost:8500/CFIDE/administrator/index.cfm

You have now successfully installed ColdFusion 10. To access the web root, you can go to: http://localhost:8500/. The web root on the file system is C:\ColdFusion10\cfusion\wwwroot\.